suzuki swift glx outwardly the glx is
distinguished by the indication lights in
rearview mirrors headlights
fog alloy wheels 16
inches and the sunroof in the cabin
It highlights the inclusion system
Siles opening and lighting with button
boot the audio controls on the
steering wheel adjustable in height and
depth air conditioning
automatic and travel computer
but let it be david hernández
director of sales and marketing of
Suzuki from Mexico and in the other details
of this new variant of the swift already
who consider their main
rivals and their costs so far
suzuki swift had three versions that is
the entry level version that is the gea is
a car that has brakes since the beginning
abs bags that is we like to take care of the
security issue did not come the swift ls
which is the best selling of our brand and
up was the sport that I eat
you gave it to know the year
last we introduced it that is a
version with 134 horses more rabid
its percent-year compact is a
compact of the year said by auto show
have then that's a value
important and now well in the gl version
x that is a suite that has kill is
be that has integrated directionals
in the mirrors six airbags and
mainly sunroof which is something
that people had asked us very much
it seems that the popular clamor and
finally it came from the swift with
sunroof and disc brakes in the
four wheels that is also a
feature that premieres in this
true version now disc us in the
four wheel air conditioning
automatic is no longer manual has several
small details to which they are superior in
value to the gels version and another of the
values ​​that caught our attention and that
you mentioned in this presentation was the
guarantee offered by suzuki in this
model and in all products since
three years or sixty thousand kilometers and
It can also be extended three more years
we are supporting our
product with three years warranty and
we have the possibility that the client
buy three more years the cars that are
in that dimension they have two years of
guarantee is to say if there is a bet of
the manufacturing a little bit longer
term in our case
finally david what are the
versions that will be offered in this suite
lx and what will its cost start at 221
that's this version lx so much with the
sunroof and directional in the
mirrors the six airbags the
four disc brakes and all that in the
manual version starts at those 221
we also have the automatic version
both automatic and standard
offers in the same equipment
just change the box play friends
then there's the new suzuki swift glx
you can already go to know request your
good test drive and will carry one
since no
good we continue with more here by car
Youtube